Hot fix infection feedback term description in `model_definition` (#262)
CDCgov/ww-inference-model: model_definition.md

| Total genomes shed per infected individual | $\log_{10}[G] \sim \mathrm{Normal}(9, 2)$ | Watson et al 2023[^Watson]   |
| Initial infections per capita $I_0$ | $I_0 \sim \mathrm{Beta}(1 + k i_\mathrm{est}, 1 + k (1-i_\mathrm{est}))$ | where $i_\mathrm{est}$ is the sum of the last 7 days of hospital admissions, divided by jurisdiction population, and divided by the prior mode for $p_\mathrm{hosp}$, and $k = 5$ is a parameter governing the informativeness ("certainty") of the Beta distribution |
| Initial exponential growth rate | $r \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, 0.01)$ | Chosen to assume flat dynamics prior to observations |

> | Infection feedback term | $\gamma \sim \mathrm{logNormal}(4.50, 0.64)$ | Weakly informative prior chosen to have a mode of 90 in natural scale, based on posterior estimates of the infection feedback fit to the peak in the 2023-24 epidemic season in a few jurisdictions |

Reviewer: 1. Would be ideal to provide the exact number of jurisdictions if you have it.
2. "To the season" should perhaps be clarified if possible. IIRC you used a longer fitting window than the 90 day production window. Maybe just say the dates?

```suggestion
| Infection feedback term | $\gamma \sim \mathrm{logNormal}(4.50, 0.64)$ | Weakly informative prior chosen to have a mode of 90 in natural scale, based on posterior estimates of the infection feedback from model fits to the 2023-24 epidemic season in a few jurisdictions |
```

Author: Added the 5 states, it was multiple forecast dates (March 4th and March 11th) going back 365 days each.

| Day of the week effects | $\frac{\vec{\omega}}{7} \sim \mathrm{Dirichlet}(5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5)$ | Weakly informative prior with a mode at even daily reporting (no effects) |
| Standard deviation of the log of the site-lab level multiplier $M_{ij}$ | $\sigma_m \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, 0.25) $ | Weakly informative prior chosen to allow average magnitude of concentrations to be either similar or different among individual sites, depending on data |
| Modal site-level observation standard deviation | $\hat{\sigma}\_c \sim \mathrm{Normal}(1,1)$ | Weakly informative prior chosen to allow the mode to be either small or large |

> | Standard deviation of the Normal distribution of individual log observation standard deviations $\log(\sigma\_{cij})$ (site-lab combination specific, with an inferred modal standard deviation $\hat{\sigma}\_c$) | $\sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c} \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, \log(2))$ | Weakly informative prior which allows for individual standard deviationss to be either clustered around the mode or more dispersed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Standard deviation of the Normal distribution of individual log observation standard deviations $\log(\sigma\_{cij})$ (site-lab combination specific, with an inferred modal standard deviation $\hat{\sigma}\_c$) | $\sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c} \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, \log(2))$ | Weakly informative prior which allows for individual standard deviations to be either clustered around the modal standard deviation or more dispersed |
```
